Hahahahaha
Sister Xiaoxiao
There are a few children outside looking for their mother
Continue to release water
Cook today
must die
Don't worry, Miss Xia.
Eyeless little bastard
This is not where you should be
Mommy's place is here
Mommy must be in here
Shut up and stop talking nonsense
Don't blame me for being rude to you
Open the door I want to open the door
Kids, I'm here.
They wouldn't let us in at all.
What should we do?
The Four Treasures are gone
What should we do after Mommy is gone?
It's because we're too young
I can't protect Mommy and Four Treasures at all
I don't want mommy, don't cry
I have a last resort.
How?
Our class rescuer